### Description

-   Software development practices are well-defined and documented, aligned at the Tribe level, in a consistent format (the [Quality Strategy](./../../../quality-strategy/01-getting-started.md)), and are consistently followed by all squads.
-   **Continuous Integration (CI)** is set up to ensure code quality isn't compromised with new changes.
-   The **new code** is backed by Unit and Integration tests, which are consistently updated and maintained.
-   A [shift-left](../../../quality-strategy/04-how-it-works.md#shift-left) approach is regularly employed, leading to early defect identification and remediation.
-   **Test Coverage** is measured and optimized per test level (unit, integration, system).
-   Every time a change is made, an **automated build** and test process (unit, property, integration, system) is executed. Failures are investigated and fixed proactively.
-   Builds are not left broken.
-   The **main/master branches** are consistently stable, free from performance or security issues, and are always in a state that is ready for release.
-   **New automated tests** are created or tracked for each bug fix.
-   Automated tools like **linters** and **static code analyzers** are integrated into the development process.
-   **Code reviews** are systematic and are used both for ensuring quality and knowledge sharing, including the **reviewing of the test coverage** (new & total).
-   The unit and integration test frameworks provide detailed **documentation** for execution, interpretation, and debugging, as well as guidelines for **external contributions**.
-   All **tests** at all levels **are peer-reviewed** by the team, including test engineers, and adhere to IOG’s test automation **best** practices and conventions.
-   **Root cause analysis** is performed on major defects, leading to proactive defect prevention. The results of the analysis are tracked in a consistent format over time.

### Improvement focus

-   Implement static code analysis tools.
-   Ensure negative paths and exceptions are covered in unit & integration automated tests.
-   Introduce metrics to monitor the effectiveness of development practices.
-   Focus on improving test coverage for both new and existing code.
-   Enhance the focus on non-functional aspects, ensuring regular assessments of **security** and **performance** metrics.
