### Description

-   Test engineers masterfully champion the tribe's Quality and Test Strategy and actively mentor other teams in its adoption and execution.
    The tribe masterfully mentors others in the utilization and enhancement of the automation framework, leading proactive improvements in - efficiency, stability, and performance.
-   The tribe excels in multifaceted release testing, actively seeking user feedback to refine and elevate the quality of their releases.

### Completeness

Holistic coverage across all functionalities is achieved, with a special focus on eliminating redundancy and ensuring thoroughness in both - functional and non-functional aspects.

### Efficiency & execution

The tribe epitomizes efficiency in test execution, flawlessly integrating into the tribe's framework, preserving the stability of existing - tests.

### Review processes

-   Deep collaboration at the tribe level ensures test deduplication and optimization of test coverage.
-   The tribe has a healthy ratio of unit-to-integration-to-system tests.
-   Peer reviews are deeply collaborative, and the shared insights lead to the optimization of the testing process across all teams.

### Results reporting

All testing, including functional, non-functional, cross-browser, per OS, and all levels per the test pyramid, is fully integrated into a - seamless reporting and decision-making process at the tribe level.

### Improvement focus

-   Serve as mentors and leaders within the tribe, sharing knowledge and guiding other teams to higher levels of maturity.
-   Always stay updated with the latest trends and best practices in quality control to continue pushing boundaries.
