-   Regular stand-ups and cross-team collaboration and retrospectives.
-   Proactive communication and collaboration between teams (product, architecture, development, test eng, delivery) are regular, with established forums or meetings for inter-team discussions, with meeting notes captured consistently.
-   Collaboration is **proactive**, with teams frequently reaching out for insights and feedback.
-   There are established structured channels for both formal and informal feedback among team members, encouraging regular and constructive communication that focuses on continuous improvement in collaboration practices.
-   Decision-making is transparent and well-documented, ensuring clear understanding and future reference through **Decision Records (DRs)** that explain the rationale behind each decision.
-   **Inclusivity and Diversity**: Guidelines are established to foster inclusive language and diverse perspectives in all project communications and collaborations, ensuring every team member feels safe and included.
-   Team roles and responsibilities are well-defined, and conflicts or disagreements are managed in a productive manner.
-   Tribe members are engaged and motivated, and there are no blockers affecting their productivity

### Improvement focus

-   Establish regular cross-team retrospectives and feedback loops.
-   Promote best practices in effective communication.
-   Implement feedback loops to continuously improve communication and collaboration processes.
-   Foster a culture of open dialogue where questions and clarifications are encouraged.
