### Description

-   Test engineers not only adhere to but also actively contribute to enhancing the tribe's Quality and Test Strategy.
    The System-Level Test Strategies are continuously reviewed and improved based on past experiences, feedback from the peer review inside the - tribe, and post-deployment monitoring.
-   Active and systematic maintenance paired with significant improvements ensures the automation framework's effectiveness and resilience.

Advanced release testing methodologies, including comprehensive exploratory testing, rigorous UAT, and consistent dogfooding, are enforced to- ensure a polished and quality release.

-   Clear metrics\*\* and dashboards for tracking test effectiveness and releases quality.

### Completeness

Thorough and consistent coverage spans all functionalities, emphasizing both functional and non-functional scenarios with data-driven - refinements.

### Efficiency & execution

With a metrics-driven approach, the tribe's test execution is refined, and failures are methodically analyzed and addressed to improve the - strategy continually.

### Review processes

-   Regular peer reviews at both team and tribe levels are a consistent practice, leading to continuous improvements in coverage and efficiency.

### Results reporting

Comprehensive test result reports are automatically generated, integrated into the tribes reporting, and easily accessible to the entire tribe- organisation.

### Improvement focus

-   Prioritize metrics and analytics to measure and enhance test efficiency, effectiveness, and execution.
-   Initiate feedback loops from end-users and stakeholders to further refine test scenarios.

<small>\*\* Some of the core metrics are: Defect Leakage, CI/CD Failure Rate, Time to run all the automated tasks, Flakiness Score, Automated vs. Manual Test Ratio, Total System Test Duration.</small>
